hey guys um I'm going to talk about a
server and it's well it's an amazing
server and it's a paintball server and
there's no mods involved its prey simple
or as they're two teams and there's red
and blue and get a cheesy team and
basically you start with around bro you
stuck with choir lot of snowballs and
you can vote for a map and let some of
the maps are like on call of duty so
you've got a high-rise think got some
yeah and you got some other ones and and
I'll have the two IPS which would be
here now in in front of you I think yeah
they're on to I know um but i'll have
the main one on the left hand side and
everyone on the right hand side if
that's right and yeah it's been really
fun I've I think I'm a sergeant at the
moment so he can't elbow I'm when I in
chest plate which is pretty cool and
Pierre be awesome to see you guys on
there and there are some quite popular
youtubers like top mass from minecrafted
and SC mounds and all these people and
an a player it's really fun it got
really nice people there and yeah be
gritty cool and you love it I bet you
feel if you write paintball and and all
those you have to first noble at the
other team and it's always a one shot
kill make sure fine pretty cool because
I get in the world and call duty get
loads of hit markers but yeah that's it
really if you if you found this useful
then please like it and subscribe to
keep up to date and check my facebook
channel and that's it really I might be
on there at seven points if we could see
there
um and see you guys room